Update usage limit (#1870)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.15/reference/license.md

## Entity limit

Your commercial license includes the entity limit tied to your Sensu licensing package.
An entity limit of `0` allows unlimited entities.
Both agent and proxy entities count towards the overall entity limit.

> [Contact us](https://account.sensu.io/support) to upgrade to a commercial license.

Reviewer: Since it is now a hard entity limit, it still make sense to have the verbiage to upgrade existing licenses as well. In the context of this section of the doc, it is assumed the user already has a license.

Author: Thank you -- incorporated!

## License expiration

To see your commercial license expiration date, log in to your Sensu account at [account.sensu.io](https://account.sensu.io/).

If your license is within 30 days of expiration, Sensu issues regular warnings in the Sensu [backend logs](../../guides/troubleshooting).

> If your license expires, you will no longer have access to [commercial features](../../getting-started/enterprise).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your license expires, you will still have access to [commercial features](../../getting-started/enterprise), but your entity limit will drop back down to the free limit of 100.
```
